[Music]
today i am going to explain a cat woman
at the start of the film a conference is
shown
there were two beauty experts and one
female was named laurel
they were talking about some beauty
products like creams and soaps etc
they were discussing the launching date
of their new cream
the product ambassador was laurel later
someone else was chosen as brand
ambassador
it is decided that pictures of that girl
would be displayed in the advertisement
instead of laurel
laurel feels angry due to this but she
doesn't let it feel anyone as their
cream was soon to be launched
therefore she doesn't say anything and
stays quiet
another beauty expert who was the
company's owner scolds a girl named
patience in his office
she is the main character of the movie
he says that i spent a lot of money on
making this cream
i don't want to launch my cream with
your designed box
you have time till 12 for this show me
more god designs
you can resign if you stay unable to do
this
patience agrees with this deal the next
day
she gets busy making a new design of a
box
her eye catches a sigh of a cat and she
thinks that she's stuck here
she goes there to help her in setting
free
meanwhile her own foot gets slipped
she saves herself by hanging on an ac in
the wall
she gets stuck here and she was scared
because she was hanging here
a detective named tom looks at her and
thinks that she's attempting suicide
he saves patients safely they talk a lot
to each other there
suddenly patience remembers that her
boss gave her a task to do
therefore she leaves for office
immediately
in a hurry she drops her purse that tom
picks up
he follows patience to her office he
meets patients there and they talk for
too long and become
friends they make a plan to go out for a
dinner and then tom leaves
patience produces the design after much
hard work
then she calls the assistant of her boss
and says that she wants to send the
design
he replies that he is on leave today so
better go yourself
patience reaches the place where that
cream was being produced
there was a scientist working on this
cream she tells some secrets about this
cream
beauty expert laurel was also there the
scientist tells laurel that the cream
isn't fully prepared
it has many imperfections and we can't
launch it now
because it disfigures the face saying
this
he shows some pictures to laurel it was
shown that users can experience the
worst side effects after using it
i don't want this to happen to people
because i am a scientist who helps the
people
not betrays the people therefore
we can't launch it for now patience also
hears this
but then she gets hit with someone and
that thing falls
hearing the noise both of them get
understood that someone has listened to
their talks
patience runs to a tunnel to save
herself
laurel had seen patience she closes the
main door of the tunnel and runs water
there
patience dies due to drowning in the
water
his dead body goes into a river then a
cat brings patients out at the edge
there were many cats outside the river
then a cat climbs up at patience's dead
body
it starts licking her and the shape of
her eye changes
shockingly patience revives it's
something to think about that how did a
cat revive patients
meanwhile patience feels that she is
able to see distant things at near
she can easily look at the smallest
objects
but ignoring everything she gets up to
go to her home
because she had to submit that design to
her boss before 12
but her boss fires her from her job for
being late
she becomes sad thinking this but she
remembers tom's
she had to go to dinner today and she
missed it
therefore she goes to tom with a coffee
cup with sorry written on it
they have coffee together then they play
basketball too
here patience feels more energetic and
powerful
the next day patience finds that cat in
her house
that she saved that day threatening her
life
she considers this cat the reason behind
her more power
she takes out the belt from its neck and
goes to meet its owner
there she acknowledges that it isn't a
normal cat but it has the power to
revive any dead person
then patience gets to know that this cat
revived her after she died
then katzona gives her a mask and asks
her to use her powers accurately
then patience comes home and her female
friend calls her
she tells her everything about her
relationship with tom
then patience's friend gifts her a
catwoman costume
on the same night the patient goes to
meet tom on a bike
she wears the same catwoman dress that
was given by her friend
but on the way she sees some thieves
looting a gold shop
catwoman beats them black and blue and
comes home with the jewelry
the next day when she looks at it she
realizes that she shouldn't have brought
this with her
she has done wrong she puts all the
jewelry in an envelope except a necklace
writing sorry on it
she leaves it to a police station then
she goes to her female friend
she gets to know the beauty experts are
going to launch the flawed cream
she goes to that place where that cream
was being made
she wears her mask and catwoman costume
this time
she finds laurel's scientist's dead body
on the floor
this was the scientist who worked on the
cream
then a guard comes there and thinks the
patience killed the scientist
so that guard rings the alarm all other
guards come there and consider patience
a killer somehow catwoman goes to laurel
by saving herself
she tells her that the other beauty
expert wants to launch the cream in
spite of being flawed
while talking she realizes that laurel
is also against them because she wanted
to take revenge
as someone else was made ambassador at
her place
they make a plan to collect evidence to
make them get caught red-handed
laurel gives a cell phone to patients
so that they can stay in touch with each
other in order to talk when tom is at
work
he looks at the coffee can given by
patients with sorry written on it
then he looks at the word sorry written
on that jewelry envelope
he matches both of the handwriting tom
starts doubting patients that she stole
therefore she sent this sorry envelope
tom goes to meet her
they spend a lot of time together and
talk much
at night when she's asleep tom steeler a
glass and takes it with him
after some time her cell phone starts
ringing
it was laurel's call patience receives
the call
laurel tells her that she has collected
pieces of evidence against the other
beauty expert
due to this he'll get punished laurel
goes to precious to see the evidence
she comes in catwoman costume this time
too
laurel says that you'll find all the
evidence behind the sofa
patience goes to look behind the sofa
immediately
she sees the dead body of that other
beauty expert
looking at his body it seemed some cat
killed him
laurel says that she knows that cream is
still deficient and has many side
effects
still i want to launch it myself
because i want money my success and
wealth are important to me
nothing else i know that you heard us
talking that day
i also know that you won't let this
cream get launched
therefore i couldn't ignore or leave you
alone
you'll go to jail and accuse of killing
this beauty expert
saying this laurel turns on the house's
alarm and all the guards come there
they start shooting patients patience
was running to save herself
but suddenly she encounters tom she
fights with tom and goes near him to
distract him and then runs away availing
the chance
afterward tom comes into the lab
immediately
he matches the lip print both on the
glass and then his face
he sees that both are the same tom had
gotten the pieces of evidence against
patients here
therefore he arrests patients here
patience accepts that she's a catwoman
she says that she didn't kill the
scientist or that beauty expert but tom
locks her up in the jail as her writing
and lip prints were the same
the next night we see that in the cell
where patience was
there comes a cat patience recognizes it
immediately that it was the one that
revived me
she sees the cat coming inside through
rods
patience thinks that if this cat can
come inside through these rods
i can also go outside through these
therefore patience also goes outside the
cell through rods like that cat
from here she goes to laurel she was
about to launch the cream
patience stops her from doing this but
laurel doesn't agree
both get into a bad conversation tom was
also there to seize patience
he had heard their conversation he gets
the whole story that patience is
t wrong but laurel is laurel and
patience get into a huge
fight meanwhile laurel falls off the
building and she dies immediately
tom also comes there he says that if we
see from the world's eyes
laurel got killed by catwoman you won't
get the blame for it
as patience is still in jail patience
gets the whole thing
she goes to her cell again everyone
thought that laurel was killed by the
catwoman
because that night patience was in the
cell and she is set free after she's
proved innocent
here the movie ends thank you for
watching